

the time has gone , 
and on my empire this sorrow flag, 
without you it remains only cendres. 
loose Connections , 
and from my heart this frequency 
going up and down . 
and those cellular instead of letter under the door. 
you see i m not sure that the progress , always 
make the human been progress , 
may be make we more lonely, 
See how we separate . 
Please take me away from here. 
please kill me now. 
i cant handle it no more. 
i cant handle from progressivly dying. 
please kill me now. 
i losed my smile
in my empire , the clown become the king, 
it s finish the time "we have a dream"
in my empire , the babygirl dream to dress like sluts. 
mp3 in the "ohren", we dont listen no more Birds singing. 
Ohhhh let s connect dumpass people via satelite 
to other dumpass. 
Yes the only song we hear now , is the song of electrons 
We are free, 
freedom of mind , freedom of speaking. 
But it s more freedom of being ignorant, freedom of being stupid. 
we are all equal in the carnaval, we are all equal in the same shit 
All belong to me , and fuck my neighbour . 
The people are stupid , 
at least so stupid as I am. 
on the street a drunkman , shouting all the human stupiding, 
well , it s almost the same i m writing to you. 
let me give this letter to the dustman, 
it couldnt end up in the better hands. 
Please wait at me , 
i cant run no more. 
I please you , kill me now . 
I think i go crazy , 
please help me now 
I know i m bizarre, with my sad words , 
i shit the world , and it mutual . 
it like we are guiltless . 
You the girl i use love, 
i please you now, to finish the stuff you have beginn 
Please do it with smile . 
No dont have remorse to give me dead you know , before you 
i have trample on so many hearts , 
many hearts who saw in me , what I believe to have see in you. 
from hangman to savior, from savior to lamb 
and from lamb to hangman , 
all of us , one day we are each from that , it s the game .
that game that kill us , that game that save us . 

Please write me , please write me some words. 
Give me some news. 
when i will be burried , deep in the ground , 
send those words in the direction of the sky. 



